# Sprint 1 Reflection

What did you (as an individual) accomplish? (what are your key individual contributions to the team's progress) -> Since we did not start working on the project with code. I helped with the clickup tasks such as deciding on a tech stack, obtaining at least one year of data for our project, and researching and defining Stock Analysis and Paper Market analysis. I have not finished the Paper Market logic in writing and am still trying to figure that out, but hopefully my teammates can help me with that logic.

What challenges did you encounter? (any individual roadblocks or difficulties, and how they were addressed) -> Finding the right stuff for the project to continue. Our first idea was groundproof and needed a lot of fixerupper type of situations, but as for having trouble with the project; mostly finding out how to research the data that we need and analyzing stock markets and paper market features that we need for this project to work out. Still figuring out the kinks.

What did you learn? (Reflect on any new skills, tools, or insights that you gained) -> How hard it is to document this and explain our code with words and visually. Learning the new languages is going to be difficult and I hope everyone in the group is watching videos and trying to get better with the languages that we need to be successful in this project.

What could have been improved?  (Suggest areas where you could improve your own work, or the team's process in the next sprint) -> I need to be more upfront with my words and make sure I have more ideas inside my pocket. I don’t have a lot of experience with talking and getting ideas down, but I need to start creating more to help my teammates to be able to pass the class and get through this difficult section of documenting my code. The team needs more communication with each other and showing up for class IS A MUST. Me and Josh are usually the only one’s contributing to the project and I hope everyone can contribute to this project. This project could mean you getting a job or not one day you never know.
